Updated ID Reviews Section (#32)
RedHatTraining/curriculum-onboarding: content/editing/id-review.adoc

 - Instructional designer
---

> == Performing Instruction Design Reviews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Performing Instructional Design Reviews
```
It was correct before.

> Instruction Design reviews are carried out by Instructional Designers (ID) from the Content Services team. There are two IDs who review content across all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructional Design reviews are carried out by Instructional Designers (IDs) from the Content Services team.
```

> The primary goals of the Instruction Design reviews include, but are not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary goals of Instructional Design reviews include, but are not limited to:
```

> - Verifying objectives are clearly written, descriptive, and measurable at the course, chapter, and section level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verifying that objectives are clearly written, descriptive, and measurable at the course, chapter, and section level.
```

> - Ensuring objectives align with topics and every activity (Guided Exercises, Labs, Quizzes, Comprehensive Reviews).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensuring that objectives align with topics and every activity (Guided Exercises, Labs, Quizzes, and Comprehensive Reviews).
```

> - Ensuring there is a balance between lecture content vs. hands-on exercises. A typical course should consist of a minimum of 60% hands-on activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensuring a balance between lecture content and hands-on exercises. A typical course should consist of a minimum of 60% hands-on activities.
```
How do you measure 60%? Page count? Word count? Something else?

> - Reviewing content to determine if it aligns with the level of the course being written (100 level courses have different needs than 400 level courses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewing content to determine if it aligns with the level of the course being written (100-level courses have different needs from 400-level courses).
```

> - Reviewing graphics.

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate?

> - Verifying that Content Developers are aware that they are writing for multiple delivery modalities, including Instructor-led, virtual instructor-led, asynchronous online learning, and video classroom.

Reviewer: Instructor or instructor? Be consistent.

> - Providing feedback to the author.

Reviewer: Aren't all of the previous points about providing feedback? What's this about specifically?

Refer to the following for a more detailed description of the overall process:

> https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/gls-content-services/gls_content_services_wiki/rht_content_developer_and_peer_reviewer_checklist[Scroll down to the ID Review Checklist]

Reviewer: If you look at this in the rendered page it will display `Scroll down to the ID Review Checklist` as a link, which is probably not what you want.
